These files are made by linking data from Unicode, Inc to WordNet by
XXXX, 2013.

Neither Unicode nor WordNet are responsible for any errors in the mapping.

The licenses for the data and for wordnet are given below:

-- Unicode License --------------------------------------------------------------

UNICODE, INC. LICENSE AGREEMENT - DATA FILES AND SOFTWARE

    Unicode Data Files include all data files under the directories http://www.unicode.org/Public/, http://www.unicode.org/reports/, and http://www.unicode.org/cldr/data/. Unicode Data Files do not include PDF online code charts under the directory http://www.unicode.org/Public/. Software includes any source code published in the Unicode Standard or under the directories http://www.unicode.org/Public/, http://www.unicode.org/reports/, and http://www.unicode.org/cldr/data/.

    NOTICE TO USER: Carefully read the following legal agreement. BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, COPYING OR OTHERWISE USING UNICODE INC.'S DATA FILES ("DATA FILES"), AND/OR SOFTWARE ("SOFTWARE"), YOU UNEQUIVOCALLY ACCEPT, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY, ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, COPY, DISTRIBUTE OR USE THE DATA FILES OR SOFTWARE.

    COPYRIGHT AND PERMISSION NOTICE

    Copyright © 1991-2012 Unicode, Inc. All rights reserved. Distributed under the Terms of Use in http://www.unicode.org/copyright.html.

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of the Unicode data files and any associated documentation (the "Data Files") or Unicode software and any associated documentation (the "Software") to deal in the Data Files or Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, and/or sell copies of the Data Files or Software, and to permit persons to whom the Data Files or Software are furnished to do so, provided that (a) the above copyright notice(s) and this permission notice appear with all copies of the Data Files or Software, (b) both the above copyright notice(s) and this permission notice appear in associated documentation, and (c) there is clear notice in each modified Data File or in the Software as well as in the documentation associated with the Data File(s) or Software that the data or software has been modified.

    THE DATA FILES AND SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR HOLDERS INCLUDED IN THIS NOTICE BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, OR ANY SPECIAL INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE DATA FILES OR SOFTWARE.

    Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings in these Data Files or Software without prior written authorization of the copyright holder.

-- Wordnet License --

WordNet® is unencumbered, and may be used in commercial applications
in accordance with the following license agreement. An attorney
representing the commercial interest should review this WordNet
license with respect to the intended use.  WordNet License

This license is available as the file LICENSE in any downloaded version of WordNet.

WordNet 3.0 license: (Download)

WordNet Release 3.0 This software and database is being provided to
you, the LICENSEE, by Princeton University under the following
license. By obtaining, using and/or copying this software and
database, you agree that you have read, understood, and will comply
with these terms and conditions.: Permission to use, copy, modify and
distribute this software and database and its documentation for any
purpose and without fee or royalty is hereby granted, provided that
you agree to comply with the following copyright notice and
statements, including the disclaimer, and that the same appear on ALL
copies of the software, database and documentation, including
modifications that you make for internal use or for
distribution. WordNet 3.0 Copyright 2006 by Princeton University. All
rights reserved. THIS SOFTWARE AND DATABASE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND
PRINCETON UNIVERSITY MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED. BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT NOT LIMITATION, PRINCETON
UNIVERSITY MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF MERCHANT- ABILITY
OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF THE LICENSED
SOFTWARE, DATABASE OR DOCUMENTATION WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS. The name of Princeton
University or Princeton may not be used in advertising or publicity
pertaining to distribution of the software and/or database. Title to
copyright in this software, database and any associated documentation
shall at all times remain with Princeton University and LICENSEE
agrees to preserve same.

